README.md, before:

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/LS9cpV2.png" alt="Project logo">
</p>
<h3 align="center">EasyGoods</h3>

<div align="center">

[![Hackathon](https://img.shields.io/badge/hackathon-PiCommerce-orange.svg)](https://github.com/pi-apps/PiOS/blob/main/pi-commerce.md)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/0205miss/EasyGoods.svg)](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/0205miss/EasyGoods.svg)](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/pulls)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-PIOS-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)

</div>

---

<p align="center"> A commerce project for pi commerce hackathon.
    <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [Dependencies / Limitations](#limitations)
- [Future Scope](#future_scope)
- [Setting up a local environment](#getting_started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technology Stack](#tech_stack)
- [Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## ⛓️ Dependencies / Limitations <a name = "limitations"></a>

```
TBD
```

## 🚀 Future Scope <a name = "future_scope"></a>

```
TBD
```

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development
and testing purposes. See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

```
clone the project and edit the .env
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

Say what the step will be

```
npm install
```

Dev

```
npm run dev
```

build

```
npm run build
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>

Add notes about how to use the system.

```
TBD
```

## ⛏️ Built With <a name = "tech_stack"></a>

- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment
- [FireStore](https://cloud.google.com/firestore) - Database

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>

- [@0205miss](https://github.com/0205miss) - Idea & Initial work

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/contributors)
who participated in this project.

## 🎉 Acknowledgments <a name = "acknowledgments"></a>

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- References

Commit message:

add translate instruction for pioneer

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/LS9cpV2.png" alt="Project logo">
</p>
<h3 align="center">EasyGoods</h3>

<div align="center">

[![Hackathon](https://img.shields.io/badge/hackathon-PiCommerce-orange.svg)](https://github.com/pi-apps/PiOS/blob/main/pi-commerce.md)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/0205miss/EasyGoods.svg)](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/0205miss/EasyGoods.svg)](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/pulls)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-PIOS-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)

</div>

---

<p align="center"> A commerce project for pi commerce hackathon.
    <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [Dependencies / Limitations](#limitations)
- [Future Scope](#future_scope)
- [Setting up a local environment](#getting_started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technology Stack](#tech_stack)
- [Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Support](#support)

## ⛓️ Dependencies / Limitations <a name = "limitations"></a>

```
TBD
```

## 🚀 Future Scope <a name = "future_scope"></a>

```
TBD
```

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development
and testing purposes. See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

```
clone the project and edit the .env
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running.

Say what the step will be

```
npm install
```

Dev

```
npm run dev
```

build

```
npm run build
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>

Add notes about how to use the system.

```
TBD
```

## ⛏️ Built With <a name = "tech_stack"></a>

- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment
- [FireStore](https://cloud.google.com/firestore) - Database

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>

- [@0205miss](https://github.com/0205miss) - Idea & Initial work

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/contributors)
who participated in this project.

## 🎉 Support <a name = "support"></a>

EasyGoods need support

By helping us, you will be a contributor in our project.

You can find some Jobs below

## Jobs 

- [Translate](https://github.com/0205miss/EasyGoods/job/TRANSLATE.md)
